(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] It's time for another challenge.
Let's pick up where we left off in the last challenge
and add some new capabilities to the blog API definition.
The new capability will expose an operation
on the article path that allows a new article to be created.
To complete the challenge,
expand the API definition file
to include the appropriate HTTP operation
for the capability.
Within the operation,
you should define a JSON-based request body
that is used to create the article.
Additionally, the operation should return a simple response
that contains the appropriate HTTP status code
for creating a resource on a REST API.
If you want to make this challenge a little easier,
think about how you could reuse some of the existing YAML
in your API definition.
This challenge should take you about 10 minutes to complete.
In the next video, I'll show you how I solved it.
Good luck.